Update intro.md (#407)
rust-unofficial/patterns: src/intro.md

problems in engineering. They make our software more modular, maintainable, and
extensible. Moreover, these patterns provide a common language for developers,
making them an excellent tool for effective communication when problem-solving

> in teams. Remember that each pattern has its own trade-offs. And you need to pay attention more to why you're choosing a certain pattern than to how to implement it.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in teams.

Keep in mind: Each pattern comes with its own set of trade-offs. It's crucial to focus on why you choose a particular pattern rather than just on how to implement it.

```

making them an excellent tool for effective communication when problem-solving
in teams.

> Keep in mind: Each pattern comes with its own set of trade-offs.
> It's crucial to focus on why you choose a particular pattern rather than
> just on how to implement it.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind: Each pattern comes with its own set of trade-offs. It's crucial to
focus on why you choose a particular pattern rather than just on how to
implement it.

```
